Finished code pen :https://codepen.io/YvngWee/pen/BaWJbQd

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
The correct use of html
2. What is HTML used for? 
html is used to structure websites
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
an attribute is a special word that goes in between the tags.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
the h1 tag is usually the title and it should only be used once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
an image has src and alt. 
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
the links to other pages. 
7. What is an id? 
an id is a variable that can only be used once. 
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
images, text. 
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
only 1 time. 
10. What is a class? 
a class is an attribute that can be used multiple times. 
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
you can add a class to images, text, links. 
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
multiple times. 
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
href the link and make a new file that connects to that href. 
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
it provides an alternative to the image. 
15. How do I reference an id?
you type the id in a css file and put curly brackets around it. 
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
a section is a large block of code. A div is a smaller block of code. 
17. What is CSS used for? 
css is used to style the website and decorate it. 
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
to select an element you have to type it in a css file and put curly brackets. 
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
use a class when you have something that has multiple functions like a button. use an id when you only have to do one thing like an image. 
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class{}
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
this is when you have two elements that need to operate in the same way. 
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
you use href and the a tags. 
24. What is a pseudo selector?
a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). For example, :hover can be used to change a button's color when the user's pointer hovers over it.
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
margin
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
padding
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
use the * and put the uppercase function inside. 
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border-width
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/**/
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
cd .. you could delete the file 
34. Why should I use version control? 
version control helps keep things in line. 
35. How often should I commit to github?
when ever you make a change. 
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
git push -u  
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
you have to open git bash, do pwd, do cd desktop, go to your lambda projects folder, make a new project and link the github to it, open vs, do stuff in vs, do the add . thing, committ, push. 

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur (although, as usual, this can be changed using CSS).
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
An absolutely positioned element no longer exists in the normal document layout flow. Instead, it sits on its own layer separate from everything else
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
use width function. 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
image and text inline, pixles inline block. 
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
the box model can be given width by using the width function.  